Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
Let me return the books, please!
You've been late for a day
From now on, if you still late, I will...
Hey
I won't let you borrow any books at all if you're still late, got it?
Episode 7: The foolish hanger-on
Come here, come here. You dare to follow me?
Are you perverting?
Do you know I have a black belt with 3 lines?
Declare! Why do you follow me?
You're misreading!
What is misread? Talk, quickly
How can I talk? It's hurt
I will release after you have talked about this
Hurry up, why do you follow me?
I...
Hurry up...
I like you...
Why do you like me suddenly?
Because... I just like
We haven't met before, and you like me?
Me...
I've got a thunder love with you
since the first time we met in the park
Weren't you died by the thunder?
Bullshit
But
I know you've got a boyfriend already
Who tells you that?
I saw it myself
In a coffee shop
You and Lam
Coffee shop... Lam?
Introduce to Khoi, this is Thao's boyfriend
A girl going out this time has to take her boyfriend along. Is it right, Oppa?
Because you always message to me
It's too annoying
So that I take my boyfriend here today to tell you that
I've got a lover already
He's my younger brother!
I only wanna cut down with that boy, so I get Lam to disguise as my boyfriend
So I still have a chance?
What is chance?
But, you know Lam?
Yes
He's in music club. And I'm Long, in basketball club.
Basketball?
It turns out you are one in bad guys that my brother have told me
Not bad guy at all
There's no good thing. So you're only in grade 12?
Yes
Hey, do you wanna "fly a plane"? It's not easy
Let's dream about it, I only like a mature man for me to lean on
I don't need one more brother, it's enough with only one in my house
Come here
Huh?
Don't you know that flying the plane is a hot trend now?
What is hot trend? Terrified!
Bye little boy, I go to do adult's works
Learning well, boy, little boy...
No following!
Got it?
Wait and see. I will prove you
How am I mature!
Very good at trying! But you can't win us
Stupid!
Don't be arrogant! Then when you lose, don't have any ways to hide
Let me see, what faith are you leaning on to win us.
But now, get out
How can you chase us?
Today you guys don't have any practice plans
I like, so I chase
This' my game, my rights
Do you wanna go by yourselves or wait for me chasing?
Damn it, keep your mouth!
What do you think this place is?
Intend to stir up this place? Let's recede all
Minh Lâm
Go out and talk to me a while
Be careful from me
Because of your teamate
I'll use my own money to return to music club
please stop here
Why? There's no reason for you to do like that!
What are you doing?
If we fight together, your team will lose seriously!
Don't perenoia, we won't give up!
Wait and see
Mom
How are you?
Your leg occurs again periodically?
I'm ok. Only a bit hurt after a long time I didn't activate
If it's not ok, you can stop, i'll give you some money
Don't play for those prizes anymore, I think...
Mom
Why do you keep talking about that thing? I've told to that I'm Ok
Who wants to use mom's money to hold on their club?
I only talk, in fact, I don't have money for you to hold on you club
God! What do you tell me for?
For funny
I go to take a shower
Where?
Shower!
Who allows you?
I'm dirty, I'm outside all day
I will bath for you, don't bath yourself
I'm mature now, how can you bath for me?
No matter at how you're mature, you're still my son, the soap will spicy your eyes
I heard that you've got sickness, I bought you some foods and medicines
Come in
Yes
Teacher, Let's eat this then take some drugs, it's still hot!
Thank you.
Yes
Let me help you type the marks
you have to eat and take drugs
Khoi, don't leave me
Alo
Hello, this is Teacher Tam, who's that?
Mr. Tam?